To build the Motion Sensor complete the following steps:

1. Submit the Microwave Sensor v2.1 PCB Files.zip to a board manufacturer of your choice. We used https://oshpark.com/ to fabricate ours.
2. Order the Components listed in Microwave Sensor BOM.xlsx
3. Apply solder paste to all smd pads on the front except the main sensor's BGA surface connectors.
4. Apply high quality gel flux, such as amtech (https://amtechdirect.com/), to bga surface pads.
5. Carefully place front components on their pads according to the BOM, schematic, and pcb layout.
6. Using a Hot plate or similar device, slowly heat board until solder begins to melt
7. Let plate remain heated for 3 minutes. Apply hot air to the main BGA sensor and any other components as necessary. Confirm all components are correctly in place.
8. Turn hot plate off, and allow the board to cool slowly on the plate.
9. Apply solder paste to all smd pads on the back.
10. Carefully place back components on their pads according to the BOM, schematic, and pcb layout.
11. Using a hot air gun, melt the solder paste. Confrim all components are correctly in place.
12. Check for solder bridges, and fix and soldering errors.
13. Using a Soldering Iron and solder, solder all through hole components.

The Motion Sensor PCB has the following connections:
CS (Top left): Chip Select pin for SPI communication with the BGT60LTR11(B)AIP, expects a 3.3V active low signal
COPI (Below CS): Chip Out Peripheral In pin for SPI communication with the BGT60LTR11(B)AIP, expects a 3.3V digital signal
CLK (Below COPI): Clock pin for SPI communication with the BGT60LTR11(B)AIP, expects a periodic (up to 50 MHZ) 3.3V signal
+ (Below CLK): Positive pin for 3.3V Power Supply to Board
- (Bottom Left): Negative (gnd) pin for 3.3V Power Supply to Board
P (Bottom Middle): Phase detect 3.3V digital output pin
T (Bottom Middle): Target detect 3.3V Active Low output pin (low means motion)
IFI (Far Right): ABB output - I Channel (Unused by our design)
IFQ (below IFI): ABB output - Q Channel (Unused by our design)
DIVO (Bottom Right): Frequency divider output (Unused by our design)

In our design, the motion detector should mount directly onto the Control Board PCB Using male to female jumper pin connectors.

This board is designed to run the BGT60LTR11(B)AIP in SPI mode. For SPI interfacing with a microcontroller see User's guide to BGT60LTR11AIP

Using our code, Sensitivity and other settings can be changed by altering the contents of the values array on line 221 of microwave_board_test_main.c. See microwave_defines.h for valid values.

See code documentation for more details on our usage of the BGT60LTR11AIP.

For more technical details on the BGT60LTR11AIP, consult the main datasheet and the BGT60LTR11AIP shield documentation used to develop this board.
